Update module.md, README.md and package.md (#7)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.inmemory: ballerina/Package.md

## Package overview

> This package provides in-memory table support for the `bal persist` feature, which provides functionality to store and query data from a relational database conveniently through a data model.

Author: ```suggestion
This package provides in-memory table support for the `bal persist` feature, which provides functionality to store and query data from in-memory tables conveniently through a data model.
```
